So remember I was talking about the object model and the relational model having a little leakage coming
up.
So one of the things that we need to do because we have a little bit of leakage here is implement an
equals and hash code method.
So this kind of important because these standard equals and hash code methods that we get by default
with Java or Java objects isn't going to suffice for our needs.
What we want to do is base equality on the ID of the objects. So that ID property that we added,
that effectively identifies it to a database record.
So we want to go in and modify these methods or actually overwrite the methods to provide logic around
the ID property so that if two objects have the same ID, Hibernate and things like sets are going
to consider them the same object.
So I'm going to jump over to IntelliJ and show you how easy it is to implement these methods inside
of IntelliJ.
If you're not using IntelliJ, I don't know how other IDEs behave. I'm sure there's a calling for something
like Eclipse.
Worst case, look at the source code that I am implementing here for these methods and just duplicate
that.
Go ahead and implement the equals method here.
So I'm gonna grab the author class and scroll down to the bottom of the class. I'm going to use IntelliJ to
do the initial implementation so I'm just going to command N. You can see the equals and hash code method
towards the bottom of the screen. I'm going to... IntelliJ  actually has several different
templates and I'm just going to go in and take the default, not select any of the options here.
So that's gonna be just fine for our purposes. And I just want to do this.
So just do the ID field and I'm not going to do the other properties because again we're going to
be setting that up for the ID property. A determined object equality. And then we're just going to do
the same for the hash code.
Say next.
And that is not a non null field because that could be in
a Null.
And I will say finish. And we can see that sets up the equals and hash code function so that sets that
up for the author class.
So now let's come in here and do the same for the book class.
And just command N, equals and hash code, IntelliJ a default. Next.
And I just want the ID property like so. Say Next.
Next for that.
Finish that. And now we can see that the equals and hash code functions have been implemented which
is exactly what we need for our use case here with Hibernate.
Now one other thing I want to show you how to do is implemented toString method.
Now by default we do have a toString method on it.
And if memory serves me right we're just going to get the class and object I.D. which is for debugging
purposes. Pretty much useless.
So it doesn't give you all that much information.
What we're going to do here is I'm going to show you how IntelliJ will implement a toString method
for us that will display the properties of the object.
So it does nice job for this.
And then if we do need to do toString on one of these objects, we'll actually have useful information
in our logger council. So this is a nice little tips and tricks that I like to use with IntelliJ.
I imagine Eclipse probably does have something similar to this. I'm really not sure.
Been a long time since I used Eclipse. But let me jump over to IntelliJ now and show you how easy
it is to implement a toString method that is actually functional.
Let's go ahead and implement that toString method. You can see here.
I've got the author up. I'm going to put this above the equals method. And again I'm just going to take command
N. Again this is on a Mac. I want to come down here and say toString and I'm just saying enter and
you can see I'm just going to take all the properties there.
Now if I was doing a project there that was something sensitive like a password or a bank account information
I could diselect that pretty easily here.
But here this is just demonstration.
We'll go ahead and say select all there and say OK.
And here we can see that we are getting this toString method implemented and we'll get a Jason like
output for the values for the author.
Now let's go ahead and do the same thing for the book implementation. We'll come over here.
That's just command N.
We're going to come down to toString and implement it like that.
So now we have a nice functional toString method that will show us the properties of the object if
we have to do a toString on it.